[DOC] Correct the alignment tutorial. (#2193)
seqan/seqan3: doc/tutorial/pairwise_alignment/index.md

 -  TTACGTACGGACTAGCTACAACATTACGGACTAC
 -  GGACGACATGACGTACGACTTTACGTACGACTAGC

\hint

> An alignment is called overlap alignment if it allows free end-gaps at each sequence end. In this configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alignment is called overlap alignment if it allows free end-gaps at each sequence end. With this configuration,
```

Not too sure about the comma but the `With`

Author: There shouldn't be a comma because `With this configuration` is not a whole sentence.

> overlaps between two sequences can be computed which is a common use case during the overlap layout consensus assembly.

Reviewer 2: "overlap layout consensus assembly"? Interesting chain of words xD

Author: Well, it is what it is, right? :)

The `edit_scheme` still has to be combined with an alignment method. When combining it
with the seqan3::align_cfg::method_global configuration element, the edit distance algorithm
can be further refined with free end-gaps (see section `Global and semi-global alignment`).

\attention Only the following free end-gap configurations are supported for the
global alignment configuration with the edit scheme:
- no free end-gaps (all free end-gap specifiers are set to `false`)
- free end-gaps for the first sequence (free end-gaps are set to `true` for the first and
  to `false` for the second sequence)

> Using any other free end-gap configuration will disable the edit distance algorithm, i.e. the fast bitvector algorithm, and will fall back to the standard pairwise alignment.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Using any other free end-gap configuration will disable the edit distance algorithm, i.e. the fast bitvector
algorithm, and will fall back to the standard pairwise alignment.

```

The `edit_scheme` still has to be combined with an alignment method. When combining it
with the seqan3::align_cfg::method_global configuration element, the edit distance algorithm
can be further refined with free end-gaps (see section `Global and semi-global alignment`).

\attention Only the following free end-gap configurations are supported for the
global alignment configuration with the edit scheme:
- no free end-gaps (all free end-gap specifiers are set to `false`)
- free end-gaps for the first sequence (free end-gaps are set to `true` for the first and
  to `false` for the second sequence)

> Using any other free end-gap configuration will disable the edit distance and fall back to the standard pairwise
> alignment and will not use the fast bitvector algorithm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using any other free end-gap configuration will disable the edit distance algorithm, i.e. the fast bitvector algorithm, and will fall back to the standard pairwise alignment.
```

- no free end-gaps (all free end-gap specifiers are set to `false`)
- free end-gaps for the first sequence (free end-gaps are set to `true` for the first and
  to `false` for the second sequence)

> Using any other free end-gap configuration will disable the edit distance algorithm, i.e. the fast bitvector algorithm, and will fall back to the standard pairwise alignment.

Reviewer 2: line length

Reviewer: not resolved
